[man] I'm sorry.
This has to be done.
You see, without your sacrifice,
our grand plan
would never become a reality.
You should be very proud
of your contribution.
Don't look at me like that.
I need to get going,
so st-- [groans]
[groaning]
[over intercom]
You awake?
[grunting]
-[gas hissing]
-[gasping]
What the hell?!
If you're trying to be funny,
this isn't working!
I'm sorry,
but this just has to be done.
You can think of your sacrifice
as being the final step
to making our grand plan
a reality.
It's been fun.
-[laughing]
-[gagging]
I hope you can forgive me,
"Mr. Yellow."
[gagging]
You... planned this all along?
That's not fair.
I wanna be included, too.
Let me...
[gags]
join you.
We finished it, our
first-period science project.
Next period
is Morals class, right?
[both chuckle]
[together]
Too bad! Sucks for him!
[laughing]
[woman vocalizing]
[violin playing]
[muffled sobs]
That was seriously awesome!
Mm-hmm.
You should have
become a violinist
instead of slumming it
around here
in our shop as a craftsman.
Maybe, but I like
repairing them better.
You do? But your playing
is so much better
than most of the pros
I've heard recently.
[Koku] Only because of this.
Of course,
'cause it's a Gagliano.
It was originally crafted
300 years ago.
I'm glad people have lovingly
used it over the years
instead of letting it
collect dust.
It's been kept in good repair
and carefully passed down to us.
I think the history
behind this violin
is truly an amazing thing.
You know, when you put it
like that, it is kinda cool.
You really needed him
to tell you that?!
[Koku] We take a living thing
that's been passed down
and mend it
so that it can be passed down
for another 300 years.
That seems
like the best job in the world.
Even when I die,
part of me
will continue to live.
Bravo! Well said!
You have a deep understanding
of what it means
to be a true craftsman,
unlike my stupid daughter,
the detective!
As my only son,
you're my pride and joy!
Hey, Dad,
I'm your son, remember?
You're disowned.
[overlapping chatter]
[Brandon] Market Maker,
a mysterious group
that orchestrates crimes
and even wars.
They carry out assassinations,
sabotage, and infiltration
under the orders
of the royal family.
There's only
a collective name listed.
Its members' right hands are
supposedly marked with a skull,
but no one
has actually seen it in person.
It's a mysterious organization
that's gone largely unnoticed.
Kaela, do you think
this is real?
Hang on a sec.
You better not have asked me
to come over here
just to waste my time
by showing me some far-fetched,
tabloid news article.
No. I-I was--
Hey, Bran, we're leaving.
ASSEMBLYMAN ED KYLE,
PERSONAL RESIDENCE
-Not much trace evidence.
-How's it look over there?
-Seems to be mostly wiped down.
-Where's the Chief?
[man] He went upstairs
a minute ago.
Thanks.
Uh, excuse me, but what
do you think you're doing?
You know
you can't let a civilian
into an active crime scene!
I know, but this is--
well, um...
Hey, you're doing that
on purpose.
Hiya!
I see you've finally gone back
to your old self.
Huh? Eh?!
[Mario] Our murdered assemblyman
was up to his neck in scandals.
He was
all over the news recently
for taking illegal donations
from multiple corporations.
That must be
why he was targeted.
That cocky, good-for-nothing,
scumbag killer again?
Heartless bastard.
He didn't have to kill
the man's family, too.
Now he's cocky?
Your nickname doesn't stick...
HESITATION?
...because you change it
at the drop of a hat.
-[Boris] I changed it?
-[Lily] You didn't notice?!
[sighs]
Uh-oh.
What's with the dramatic sigh?
Don't tell me you're starting
to feel sick or something.
Killer B wasn't the one
who did this.
-Huh?
-Hmm?
Care to explain that?
Don't you see his usual symbol
is there in front of your eyes?
Okay, Keith, what makes you
think it wasn't him?
Hmm. It's sloppy.
You mind explaining it in a way
the rest of us can follow?
The angles are not naive.
What the heck
is he talking about?
No clue.
It's one of his Genie-isms.
Eric, could you
come with me for a minute?
There's something
you should see.
-[Keith] Don't get any closer.
-[gasps]
Hey, Keith,
you thinking what I'm thinking?
Yeah.
[doctor]
This is worrisome.
[Keith] Sure is worrisome.
The cause of death for our
friend in there was poison gas.
There are also symptoms
of ingested nerve gas
and a blistering agent.
The killer
must have manufactured a gas
that combines
the properties of each.
It doesn't act
as fast as nerve gas,
but it's not as slow
as a blistering agent.
One thing's clear.
Whoever made the stuff
is twisted.
The killer obviously wants
to ensure their victims suffer
in the most horrible of ways
before they're murdered.
Is there a countermeasure?
I'm afraid not.
If this were an existing gas,
there would be
some way to counteract it,
but this is something new.
Refinements have been added.
I've asked the Army Institute
of Medicine for assistance,
but there's no telling
how long it'll take
to come up with
an effective counteragent.
At any rate,
I can't make it here.
The most I can do
is prepare a preventative,
which I suppose
is better than nothing.
Think it'll work?
-No idea.
-Aren't you helpful?
I can't know if it'll work
if I haven't made it yet, can I?
Or would you
rather hear the odds?
Not today.
If I knew the odds,
I'd probably lose all hope.
Well, you can take solace
in the fact they're not zero.
Spoken with the cold bluntness
of a doctor.
If you have a problem with it,
I suppose you should tell Eric
to apprehend the criminal
before they can use the gas.
I'll do that, Doctor.
Genie...
are you still searching?
It's been seven years now.
Have you learned anything
in all that time?
I can't yet say for sure.
Why not?
Because I found a clue that will
lead me directly to the killer.
[Eric] What you see here is
an invitation to a charity party
sent by the Mayor
to the murdered assemblyman.
[Boris] A warning that he's
gonna hit the place, huh?
[Mario] Any chance it's a bluff?
We detected real poison gas
in the container
when we examined the box
that was left beside the corpse.
However,
it was only a small amount.
According to the report I have
from the Royal Institute
of Forensic Medicine,
it's a substance
they have never seen before,
but apparently
it's highly lethal.
Releasing something like that
at a party would be disastrous.
It could potentially affect
the whole region.
If it does, we're looking at
millions of innocent lives lost,
depending
on the weather conditions.
[Boris] How the hell did
our perp get their filthy hands
on a nasty gas
like that, anyway?
It's not like you can buy it
at a convenience store.
The victim found in the attic
is Ian Reyes, age 42, male.
He was a senior researcher
at Premio Farmacia
until he went missing
about six months ago,
which caused a missing persons
report to be filed.
[Mario] So this guy
definitely made the gas.
[Brandon] Yeah,
but we still don't know
if he was coerced or not.
[Boris] Do you think
he outlived his usefulness?
Jonathan, work the Reyes angle
and look into his acquaintances.
-Yes, sir.
-Kaela, you contact
the relevant ministries
and research agencies.
Can you find out
if materials or equipment
that could be used
to make poison gas
have been reported
stolen or missing?
Yes.
Mario and the rest,
head over to the party location.
Check out suspicious people
or objects
and put together
a plan for security.
Lastly, to avoid
unnecessary panic,
we've been informed
not to reveal
anything about the gas
to the public.
[Brandon] Man, I'm not sure
it's even possible
to cover a building this big.
So what if this plan
doesn't work?
It has to.
Failure is not an option here
After all, that's our job.
-[big band music playing]
-[sandpaper scraping]
And now the news.
The Royal Police have concluded
that the brutal murders
of Assemblyman Ed Kyle
and his family in their home
early yesterday morning
were the work
of the notorious Killer B.
[gasps]
They say an investigation
is under way
to learn how this crime
is connected to his others.
-[winces]
-Eh?
What happened?
I'm sorry.
I accidentally nicked myself.
Are you okay?
You cut yourself pretty deep,
didn't you?
Yeah, but it doesn't
really hurt that much.
And now for weather.
A change in climate...
Hey, that's a lot of blood.
Go ask my wife to drive you
to the hospital immediately.
Honestly, I'm fine, I swear.
Why don't you
pack it up and go?
You don't have to bother
coming back either.
Hey! Don't say it like
you're kicking him out, idiot!
That's not how I meant it!
You're such
an obnoxious old fart!
-What did you say?!
-Good night. I'll be going.
LEGACY PALACE
CHARITY BALL VENUE
[overlapping chatter]
-[rumbling over radio]
-Huh?
[Mario] No eating, Lily.
I'm not, I swear.
[Brandon] Well, it sounds
like you're about to.
My stomach has its own mind.
You can't use
that excuse all the time.
Fine. Then it's instinct.
Whatever it is,
I'm asking you to do something
to keep it in check.
Over a mic, that disgusting
noise doesn't even sound human.
It's a distraction.
The mic's in a bad location.
-[crowd gasping]
-Did you see that?
Wow.
[gasps] What the heck is that?!
[Kaela] It's an oiran,
one of Japan's
classical outfits.
If that outfit's authentic,
it costs about the same
as a Porsche Cayenne.
[Lily] For real?!
Although, if I had a choice,
I would take a Hummer
over a Cayenne.
Synchronization complete.
We have eyes.
The program you see before you
enables us to track and analyze
the action curves
of people moving in a crowd.
[Eric] Hmm.
[Kaela] If someone goes
against the flow of traffic
or moves abruptly in any way,
this program
can flag them as suspicious
and track their movements.
But can it make
split-second decisions?
Definitely.
I'm giving internal command
of the venue to you.
Do whatever it takes
to stop this.
I need all personnel to report.
Area One,
everything is all clear.
Ditto. Area Two is all clear.
Same here.
Hmm.
[Kaela] Keith, Boris, status?
[car horn honking]
[tires squeal]
[yelps]
Building front entrance.
Aside from Keith Flick,
nothing abnormal to report.
Hmm.
All search teams,
what's your status?
Area 15, all clear.
Area 16, no sign of anything
here yet, either.
Area 20, all clear.
Area 22, all clear.
Area 24...
there's no sign of any
suspicious people or packages.
Area 27, all clear here.
[Eric] Understood.
All units, continue searching.
Leave no stone unturned.
The gas will be
near the HVAC system.
How perceptive. [chuckles]
-[overlapping chatter]
-[piano playing]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-Sorry.
[no audible dialogue]
[gasps]
[Kaela] Huh?
Bogey detected.
Venue Area 12,
the slender waiter
with the blond hair!
He's after the Mayor!
[woman screams]
[crowd murmuring]
Suspect apprehended!
Are you okay, sir?
I, uh-- I'm fine.
It seems like
he's also unharmed.
[Mario] I expected
something fancier than a knife.
Weren't you going
to use that instead?
[laughs] And here I was,
worried sick that you weren't
going to come out to play.
-Huh?
-But since you're here now,
we can begin fifth period
the right way!
Dumb-ass, it's all over now.
I bet you never had any gas,
did you?
Don't you worry.
You'll learn everything
during fifth period.
I'll make it
a fun after-school activity!
Blue, drop the birdcage!
[chuckles] It's about damn time.
Let the wagtails fly!
[crowd gasping]
-Eh?
-Huh?
Huh?
[gasps]
HQ, come in!
This is the front entrance!
HQ, do you copy?!
No use. The door won't open.
[grunting]
No luck over here either!
Same with this one.
[Brandon] Mario, every entrance
and exit has been sealed off.
We're completely locked in.
What the hell
are you trying to do?
We have complete control of
every system in this building!
Hate to break it to you, but you
people aren't going anywhere!
-Kaela?
-He's right.
The building's systems
aren't responding!
I'm being repelled.
[chuckles] All of the wagtails
have been captured.
We've rigged the entire building
with poison gas!
There's enough of the stuff
to kill not only everyone here,
but everyone in the whole city
as well!
It won't be long now!
The instant the clock
strikes 9:00, you'll all die!
But if you'd
like me to disable it,
I'm gonna need a volunteer!
I want somebody
to kill the Mayor!
Do that one little thing for me,
and it'll turn off the device.
It's totally fine
if you don't believe me.
Come 9:00, you'll know
if I'm telling the truth.
And this is what you'll
have to look forward to!
You... planned this all along?
[gagging]
That's not fair.
I wanna be included, too.
Let me join you.
[crowd yelling inside]
[banging on door]
Please remain calm!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Stop pushing me!
Hey! I don't know
who just felt me up,
but you're getting
arrested for sure! Aah!
-You'll die along with us!
-[laughing]
If you're so afraid of dying,
then you kill the Mayor.
Do that,
and everyone will be saved
[scoffs]
You're a freaking lunatic.
[Red] Listen.
Everyone here will die,
myself included,
an epic tragedy.
Tonight will be forever spoken
about with delectable terror,
but the names
of the pathetic victims
will crumble into dust
and fade away into oblivion.
In other words,
the only name that future
generations will remember
will be the attacker's,
which is mine!
[laughs]
Which is mine.
You son of a...
Soon my name will tear
to the collective consciousness
of the world,
and I will become a legend.
How does this headline
strike you?
"The Beautiful Despair
of a Young Boy"?
You psycho freak.
That anger you,
Mr. Nameless Detective?
You did this
for such a pathetic reason?!
That pathetic reason is about
to send you to an early grave!
You're a nobody.
I'll make sure
everyone remembers
your stupid face and name
as a dumb-ass of a criminal
who never amounted
to anything special!
Hey, Kaela!
I heard him, and I'm pissed,
so pipe down, and let me work!
Cocky punks piss me off
even more than cockroaches.
and punks
who whine about society
piss me off so much,
I could scream.
Kaela--
Shut your mouth,
and let me work!
Yeah, whatever.
Have it your way.
Sounds like you guys
just made the mistake
of making our big sister angry,
so don't cry to me
when this is over.
It's more complex
than I thought.
Guess they're
not stupid as they look,
but that doesn't mean
they're geniuses.
I knew you would come.
Bull's-eye,
and right on the money.
I wasn't expecting you
to swallow that bait so easily.
Maybe that person is amazing.
Right, you have no clue
who I'm talking about, do you?
Curious? You are, aren't you?
But I won't tell you
that little secret just yet.
I'd gladly take you to them
if you agreed to come willingly,
but you don't
wanna do that, do you?
[gasps]
Oh, I'm so scared.
Well, let me guess.
You're planning to hurt
and destroy me just like Quinn?
He died, unfortunately...
but I don't think I will.
You see, I'm kinda fast,
just a little bit.
You're the crucial piece
of the puzzle to us,
but we'll take you
alive or dead.
Do you understand
what I'm getting at?
[explosions]
Just who are you?!
[chuckles]
[explosions]
Someday I'll be gone
There's somewhere
That we belong
And God
Has never played his role
'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul
It's a perfect world
We're longing for
So long
Cursing shadows
Hunt and gather
In the city of no answer
As we follow
Endless questions
Hands up
In the same reflection
Sometimes we try to feel
How things just used to be
In yesterdays
Now or never,
Make it better
No one ever lives forever
Wake me up, and let me go
Someday I'll be gone
To somewhere we all belong
For so long
Subtitle translation By David Fleming